{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Segoe UI;}{\f1 Consolas;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs34\b Arcade Commander 2.0 User Manual\b0\fs22\par
\par
Version: 2.0\par
Release Channel: ALPHA (Pre-Release)\par
Primary Application: `ArcadeCommanderV2.exe`\par
Companion Services: `ACLighter.exe`, `ACDispatch.exe`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 0. How to Use This Manual\b0\fs22\par
\par
This manual is written for cabinet builders, operators, and integrators who need full control of Arcade Commander 2.0.\par
\par
Read order recommendation:\par
\par
1. Section 1 (`Suite and Architecture`) for system model.\par
2. Section 2 (`Installation and Startup`) for clean setup.\par
3. Section 3 (`Operator Quick Start`) to verify end-to-end flow.\par
4. Section 4 through Section 8 for deep operations by tab/component.\par
5. Section 11 (`Troubleshooting`) when behavior is unexpected.\par
\par
If you are integrating with a frontend launcher, read Section 8 (`ACDispatch Automation`) before production use.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-00: Manual Navigation Map]\par
- Purpose: Show readers where each part of the workflow lives in this document.\par
- Required image: One-page flow map with blocks for Setup, Authoring, Mapping, Validation, Automation.\par
- Annotation notes: Label each block with the matching section number.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-00-manual-navigation-map.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 1. Suite and Architecture\b0\fs22\par
\par
Arcade Commander 2.0 is a 3-component Windows suite:\par
\par
- `ArcadeCommanderV2.exe`: operator UI and workflow host.\par
- `ACLighter.exe`: local runtime lighting service/tray app.\par
- `ACDispatch.exe`: command/event dispatcher used by scripts and frontend hooks.\par
\par
All components share runtime data under `data/` and communicate locally over loopback networking.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 1.1 Component Responsibilities\b0\par
\par
`ArcadeCommanderV2.exe`:\par
\par
- User-facing control plane.\par
- Owns Commander, Emulator, Game Manager, FX Editor, and Controller Config tabs.\par
- Loads and saves profiles, game records, and shared FX/animation libraries.\par
\par
`ACLighter.exe`:\par
\par
- Runtime apply engine for live lighting behavior.\par
- Exposes local listener endpoint used by Commander and Dispatch.\par
- Provides tray-level stress/test/reset actions.\par
\par
`ACDispatch.exe`:\par
\par
- External trigger path for game events and automation.\par
- Supports idle reset, event signaling, animation forcing, and ROM-driven mapping loads.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 1.2 Runtime Communication Model\b0\par
\par
Default local endpoint:\par
\par
- Host: `127.0.0.1`\par
- Port: `6006`\par
\par
Expected flow:\par
\par
1. Operator configures behavior in Commander UI.\par
2. UI writes/reads runtime JSON data under `data/`.\par
3. UI and ACDispatch send runtime packets to ACLighter.\par
4. ACLighter applies effect and animation output to configured hardware path.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 1.3 Shared Catalog Model\b0\par
\par
Effects and animations are designed as shared catalogs.\par
A saved entry in FX Editor should be available from Commander and Emulator selectors.\par
\par
Shared files:\par
\par
- Effects: `data/library/AC_FXLibrary.json`\par
- Animations: `data/library/AC_AnimationLibrary.json`\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-01: Suite Architecture Diagram]\par
- Purpose: Explain data/control boundaries between the three executables.\par
- Required image: Diagram with 3 app boxes, loopback socket, and `data/` folder.\par
- Must show labels: Commander UI, ACLighter Service, ACDispatch CLI, `127.0.0.1:6006`.\par
- Annotation notes: Arrow direction for command flow and data persistence flow.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-01-suite-architecture.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 2. Installation and Startup\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 2.1 System Requirements\b0\par
\par
- Windows 10 or Windows 11 (64-bit recommended).\par
- Cabinet LED/controller hardware connected and recognized by system.\par
- Loopback networking enabled (`127.0.0.1`).\par
- If running from source: Python runtime and project dependencies installed.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 2.2 Release Package Contents\b0\par
\par
Expected packaged outputs:\par
\par
- `dist/ArcadeCommanderV2/ArcadeCommanderV2.exe`\par
- `dist/ACLighter.exe`\par
- `dist/ACDispatch.exe`\par
\par
Documentation files expected in release bundle:\par
\par
- `README.md`\par
- `RELEASE_2.0.md`\par
- `README_EFFECTS.md`\par
- `docs/USER_MANUAL_V2.md`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 2.3 First-Run Startup Order (Recommended)\b0\par
\par
1. Start `ACLighter.exe` first.\par
2. Start `ArcadeCommanderV2.exe` second.\par
3. Use `ACDispatch.exe` for automation checks after both are up.\par
\par
Why this order matters:\par
\par
- Commander and Dispatch depend on ACLighter listener availability.\par
- Starting service first avoids connection timing issues during initial apply/load actions.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 2.4 Shutdown Order\b0\par
\par
1. Stop external automation scripts (if active).\par
2. Close `ArcadeCommanderV2.exe`.\par
3. Exit `ACLighter.exe` from tray menu.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-02: Startup Order Visual]\par
- Purpose: Show exact launch/shutdown sequence.\par
- Required image: Numbered sequence graphic with start and stop order.\par
- Must show executable names exactly as shipped.\par
- Annotation notes: Add "required" marker on ACLighter-first startup.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-02-startup-sequence.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 3. Operator Quick Start (5-10 Minutes)\b0\fs22\par
\par
Use this sequence for first functional validation.\par
\par
1. Launch `ACLighter.exe`.\par
2. Launch `ArcadeCommanderV2.exe`.\par
3. Open `CONTROLLER CONFIG` and confirm controller profile.\par
4. Open `ARCADE COMMANDER` and set visible test colors/effect.\par
5. Press `APPLY`.\par
6. Run `LED TEST` and `BTN TEST`.\par
7. Open `EMULATOR` and confirm visual parity.\par
8. Optional dispatch test:\par
   - `ACDispatch.exe --anim RAINBOW`\par
\par
Expected result:\par
\par
- Hardware responds to apply/test commands.\par
- Emulator behavior matches expected active effect routing.\par
\par
If not, go to Section 11 (`Troubleshooting`).\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-03: First Successful Apply]\par
- Purpose: Show user what a "good" first-run state looks like.\par
- Required image: Commander tab with color/effect chosen and apply confirmation context.\par
- Must show: Utility bar, current profile/game area, active selection state.\par
- Annotation notes: Circle `APPLY`, `LED TEST`, and `ALL OFF`.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-03-first-apply.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 4. Runtime Data Layout and File Behavior\b0\fs22\par
\par
V2 runtime files are centralized under `data/`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 4.1 Key Paths\b0\par
\par
- `data/config/ac_settings.json`\par
- `data/config/controller_config.json`\par
- `data/config/last_profile.cfg`\par
- `data/games/AC_GameData.json`\par
- `data/library/AC_FXLibrary.json`\par
- `data/library/AC_AnimationLibrary.json`\par
- `data/profiles/*.json`\par
- `data/keymaps/*.json`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 4.2 File Role Reference\b0\par
\par
`ac_settings.json`:\par
\par
- App-level preferences and startup behavior.\par
\par
`controller_config.json`:\par
\par
- Cabinet control deck and hardware profile definition.\par
\par
`last_profile.cfg`:\par
\par
- Pointer to most recently loaded profile/context.\par
\par
`AC_GameData.json`:\par
\par
- Game-centric mapping, profile, and FX/event behavior assignments.\par
\par
`AC_FXLibrary.json` and `AC_AnimationLibrary.json`:\par
\par
- Shared catalog entries used across tabs.\par
\par
`profiles/*.json` and `keymaps/*.json`:\par
\par
- Reusable profile and control mapping data artifacts.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 4.3 Migration Behavior\b0\par
\par
V2 includes legacy migration logic that can move root-level runtime files into the `data/` structure at startup.\par
\par
Operational recommendation:\par
\par
- Before first V2 run on an upgraded environment, back up old runtime files.\par
- Verify migrated data in each `data/` subfolder before editing further.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-04: Runtime Folder Tree]\par
- Purpose: Make runtime storage expectations explicit.\par
- Required image: Windows Explorer tree expanded to all `data/` subfolders.\par
- Must show complete path and all key files from Section 4.1.\par
- Annotation notes: Highlight `games`, `library`, and `config` folders.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-04-runtime-tree.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 5. Detailed Tab Guide\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 5.1 ARCADE COMMANDER Tab\b0\fs22\par
\par
Role:\par
\par
- Primary live-control workspace.\par
\par
Common operator actions:\par
\par
- Load a profile or game context.\par
- Set player/system colors.\par
- Select effect/animation behavior.\par
- Apply changes to active runtime path.\par
\par
Bottom utility bar controls:\par
\par
- `APPLY`: Push current selections to runtime output path.\par
- `ALL OFF`: Immediate blackout/reset state.\par
- `BTN TEST`: Verify button mapping and response.\par
- `SWAP FIGHT`: Swap fight button mapping orientation.\par
- `SWAP START`: Swap start/select orientation as configured.\par
- `LED TEST`: Validate output channels and color path.\par
- `CYCLE`: Iterate through test modes/colors.\par
- `DEMO`: Trigger a demonstration sequence.\par
- `PORT`: Change/select output port path.\par
- `ABOUT`: Build/version/license info dialog.\par
- `HELP`: Open help/manual resources.\par
- `QUIT`: Close application.\par
\par
Safe operating notes:\par
\par
- Use `ALL OFF` before profile switching if prior state persists unexpectedly.\par
- Use `APPLY` after meaningful edits; do not assume auto-apply.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-05: Commander Tab Annotated]\par
- Purpose: Identify all live controls used in normal operation.\par
- Required image: Full Commander tab at normal desktop scaling.\par
- Must show: main selection widgets and complete bottom utility bar.\par
- Annotation notes: Number every utility control left-to-right.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-05-commander-annotated.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 5.2 EMULATOR Tab\b0\par
\par
Role:\par
\par
- Visual validation of layout, mappings, and selected effects/animations.\par
\par
Use cases:\par
\par
- Validate mapping before hardware confirmation.\par
- Compare behavior changes after effect edits.\par
- Reproduce non-hardware issues for debugging.\par
\par
Validation workflow:\par
\par
1. Load or assign target game/profile.\par
2. Apply effect from Commander or FX path.\par
3. Confirm emulator state reflects current selection.\par
4. Cross-check with hardware output when needed.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-06: Emulator Validation View]\par
- Purpose: Show where to check parity between assigned behavior and preview.\par
- Required image: Emulator tab with active game/effect loaded.\par
- Must show: visible controls plus current preview state.\par
- Annotation notes: Call out the values that must match Commander state.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-06-emulator-validation.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 5.3 GAME MANAGER Tab\b0\par
\par
Role:\par
\par
- Per-game assignment and persistence management.\par
\par
Typical tasks:\par
\par
- Create or select game entries.\par
- Attach keymaps and profile behavior.\par
- Assign FX and event mappings.\par
- Save/import/export game data.\par
\par
Source-of-truth file:\par
\par
- `data/games/AC_GameData.json`\par
\par
Data handling recommendations:\par
\par
- Keep consistent ROM naming in records and dispatch calls.\par
- After bulk edits, restart selector views to verify loaded state.\par
- Validate one known game end-to-end before mass assignment.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-07: Game Manager Record Editing]\par
- Purpose: Show all fields required to make a valid game assignment.\par
- Required image: Game Manager with one selected record and assigned map/FX.\par
- Must show: game ID/name field, mapping selectors, save action area.\par
- Annotation notes: Highlight minimum required fields for successful dispatch mapping.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-07-game-manager-record.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 5.4 FX EDITOR Tab\b0\par
\par
Role:\par
\par
- Authoring and preview environment for effects and animations.\par
\par
Core workflow:\par
\par
1. Create or load effect definition.\par
2. Adjust modulation/timing/color parameters.\par
3. Preview locally.\par
4. Save to shared libraries.\par
5. Verify visibility from Commander and Emulator selectors.\par
\par
Critical control:\par
\par
- `ALL OFF` provides immediate blackout/reset inside FX workflow.\par
\par
Shared-catalog expectation:\par
\par
- A saved entry should propagate to all tabs that consume shared catalogs.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-08: FX Editor Authoring Flow]\par
- Purpose: Show the exact edit-preview-save sequence.\par
- Required image: FX Editor with parameter controls and preview pane visible.\par
- Must show: load/save controls and live preview area at the same time.\par
- Annotation notes: Mark the "save to shared library" action point.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-08-fx-editor-flow.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 5.5 CONTROLLER CONFIG Tab\b0\par
\par
Role:\par
\par
- Hardware/deck profile and app behavior configuration.\par
\par
Expected configuration areas:\par
\par
- Deck style and player count.\par
- Button/stick/trigger/extras definitions.\par
- App startup/default behavior values.\par
- Summary panel and planned feature card.\par
\par
Operational recommendation:\par
\par
- Complete Controller Config before deep game/effect assignment work.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-09: Controller Config Fields]\par
- Purpose: Document every field that affects runtime mapping.\par
- Required image: Controller Config tab with all major groups expanded/visible.\par
- Must show: deck options, player count, and app setting values.\par
- Annotation notes: Tag fields that require restart/reload after change.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-09-controller-config.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 6. Effects, Presets, and Shared Catalog Behavior\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 6.1 Shared Libraries\b0\par
\par
- Effects: `data/library/AC_FXLibrary.json`\par
- Animations: `data/library/AC_AnimationLibrary.json`\par
\par
These files are shared across Commander, Emulator, and FX Editor.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 6.2 Included Preset Set\b0\par
\par
Current preset family includes:\par
\par
- `showroom_default`\par
- `classic_static`\par
- `neon_minimal`\par
- `party_mode`\par
- `tease`\par
\par
Preset note:\par
\par
- `tease` is a slow pulsing multi-phase cycle and should be visible where shared preset loading is supported.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 6.3 Catalog Consistency Checks\b0\par
\par
After creating or editing entries:\par
\par
1. Save in FX Editor.\par
2. Re-open selection list in Commander.\par
3. Re-open selection list in Emulator.\par
4. Confirm same entry appears in all selectors.\par
\par
If not consistent, inspect Section 11.2.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-10: Shared Catalog Cross-Tab Verification]\par
- Purpose: Prove shared library synchronization behavior.\par
- Required image: Three cropped callouts from Commander, Emulator, FX Editor showing same entry.\par
- Must show identical effect/animation name in all three views.\par
- Annotation notes: Include one red marker where mismatch would appear.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-10-shared-catalog-parity.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 7. ACLighter Service Operations\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 7.1 Service Role\b0\par
\par
`ACLighter.exe` hosts runtime apply logic and listens for local commands.\par
\par
Default listener:\par
\par
- Host: `127.0.0.1`\par
- Port: `6006`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 7.2 Tray Menu Reference\b0\par
\par
- `STRESS: Plasma`\par
- `STRESS: Hyper Strobe`\par
- `Test: Rainbow`\par
- `Reset (Off)`\par
- `Exit`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 7.3 Service Verification Routine\b0\par
\par
1. Start ACLighter.\par
2. Confirm tray icon is active.\par
3. Use `Test: Rainbow`.\par
4. Trigger apply from Commander.\par
5. Send one dispatch event.\par
\par
Expected result:\par
\par
- All three control paths (tray, UI, dispatch) produce response.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-11: ACLighter Tray Operations]\par
- Purpose: Show operators the exact tray actions and expected order.\par
- Required image: Open tray menu with all commands visible.\par
- Must show: menu text exactly as released.\par
- Annotation notes: Add arrows for safe test order (`Rainbow` then `Reset (Off)`).\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-11-aclighter-tray.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 8. ACDispatch Automation\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 8.1 Command Patterns\b0\par
\par
Idle reset:\par
\par
- `ACDispatch.exe`\par
\par
Trigger animation:\par
\par
- `ACDispatch.exe --anim RAINBOW`\par
\par
Trigger event mapping:\par
\par
- `ACDispatch.exe --event GAME_START <rom_name>`\par
\par
Load game profile behavior:\par
\par
- `ACDispatch.exe <rom_name>`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 8.2 Supported Event Family\b0\par
\par
- `FE_START`\par
- `FE_QUIT`\par
- `SCREENSAVER_START`\par
- `SCREENSAVER_STOP`\par
- `LIST_CHANGE`\par
- `GAME_START`\par
- `GAME_QUIT`\par
- `GAME_PAUSE`\par
- `AUDIO_ANIMATION`\par
- `SPEAK_CONTROLS`\par
- `DEFAULT`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 8.3 Frontend Integration Guidance\b0\par
\par
Use dispatch calls from frontend hooks to keep lighting state synchronized with UX state transitions.\par
\par
Typical mapping strategy:\par
\par
1. Send `FE_START` when frontend launches.\par
2. Send `LIST_CHANGE` during browsing transitions.\par
3. Send `GAME_START <rom_name>` at launch.\par
4. Send `GAME_QUIT <rom_name>` when title exits.\par
5. Send `FE_QUIT` during frontend shutdown.\par
\par
Validation rule:\par
\par
- Every frontend event path should be tested with at least one known ROM mapping before production rollout.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-12: Dispatch CLI Examples]\par
- Purpose: Provide exact terminal syntax examples for integrators.\par
- Required image: Terminal window with successful command examples and outputs.\par
- Must show at least one `--anim`, one `--event`, and one ROM-name invocation.\par
- Annotation notes: Highlight argument positions and required token case.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-12-acdispatch-cli.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 9. Backup, Restore, and Change Management\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 9.1 Backup Scope (Before Major Changes)\b0\par
\par
Back up these paths together:\par
\par
- `data/games/AC_GameData.json`\par
- `data/library/AC_FXLibrary.json`\par
- `data/library/AC_AnimationLibrary.json`\par
- `data/profiles/`\par
- `data/keymaps/`\par
- `data/config/`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 9.2 Snapshot Strategy\b0\par
\par
Recommended snapshot label format:\par
\par
- `AC2_<YYYY-MM-DD>_<environment>_<note>`\par
\par
Examples:\par
\par
- `AC2_2026-02-15_ArcadeCab_A_PreUpdate`\par
- `AC2_2026-02-15_ArcadeCab_A_PostTune`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 9.3 Restore Procedure (High Level)\b0\par
\par
1. Stop Commander and ACLighter.\par
2. Replace `data/` contents from snapshot.\par
3. Restart ACLighter, then Commander.\par
4. Validate one known game and one known effect.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-13: Backup Folder Example]\par
- Purpose: Standardize backup packaging so restores are repeatable.\par
- Required image: Explorer view of timestamped backup folder structure.\par
- Must show all required files/folders from Section 9.1.\par
- Annotation notes: Mark required vs optional archive content.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-13-backup-structure.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 10. Validation and Release Readiness Checklist\b0\fs22\par
\par
Use this checklist before shipping or cabinet handoff.\par
\par
Build/runtime checks:\par
\par
- `ArcadeCommanderV2.exe` build present.\par
- `ACLighter.exe` build present.\par
- `ACDispatch.exe` build present.\par
\par
Functional checks:\par
\par
- All tabs open and render correctly.\par
- `ALL OFF` verified in Commander and FX Editor.\par
- Shared catalog entries visible in Commander, Emulator, and FX Editor.\par
- `tease` preset visible where shared preset loading applies.\par
- Game map save/load verified.\par
- ACLighter tray commands verified.\par
- ACDispatch event simulation verified.\par
\par
Package checks:\par
\par
- README and release notes included.\par
- Manual included and current.\par
- Runtime `data/` schema verified for expected files.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-14: Release Checklist Completion Sheet]\par
- Purpose: Provide signoff artifact for deployment.\par
- Required image: Completed checklist template with initials/date.\par
- Must show pass/fail status for each major subsystem.\par
- Annotation notes: Include escalation owner field for failed checks.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-14-release-checklist.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 11. Troubleshooting Guide\b0\fs22\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 11.1 No Lighting Response\b0\par
\par
Symptoms:\par
\par
- No visible LED output after apply or tests.\par
\par
Likely causes:\par
\par
- ACLighter not running.\par
- Port/path mismatch.\par
- Hardware path disconnected.\par
\par
Actions:\par
\par
1. Confirm ACLighter tray icon exists.\par
2. Verify listener path and selected port.\par
3. Run `ALL OFF` then `APPLY`.\par
4. Run `LED TEST` and `BTN TEST`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 11.2 Effect Exists in FX Editor but Missing Elsewhere\b0\par
\par
Symptoms:\par
\par
- Effect appears in FX Editor but not Commander/Emulator selectors.\par
\par
Likely causes:\par
\par
- Save did not persist to shared library.\par
- Selector cache not refreshed.\par
- Entry format inconsistent.\par
\par
Actions:\par
\par
1. Verify entry exists in `data/library/AC_FXLibrary.json` or animation file.\par
2. Reload selectors or restart app.\par
3. Re-save using shared library path.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 11.3 Preview Works but Hardware Does Not\b0\par
\par
Symptoms:\par
\par
- Emulator/preview updates but cabinet LEDs do not.\par
\par
Likely causes:\par
\par
- ACLighter listener path unavailable.\par
- Hardware transport failure.\par
- Port selection mismatch.\par
\par
Actions:\par
\par
1. Confirm ACLighter active state.\par
2. Validate physical connections.\par
3. Run hardware-side diagnostics via `LED TEST`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 11.4 Automation Events Not Triggering\b0\par
\par
Symptoms:\par
\par
- ACDispatch command executes but expected behavior is missing.\par
\par
Likely causes:\par
\par
- Wrong event name or argument format.\par
- ROM name mismatch with `AC_GameData.json` record.\par
- Missing event assignment in game map.\par
\par
Actions:\par
\par
1. Re-run command with known-good syntax.\par
2. Confirm ROM key in game DB.\par
3. Confirm event mapping exists and references valid effect/animation.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 11.5 Escalation Capture Pack\b0\par
\par
When escalating, capture and attach:\par
\par
- Exact command used.\par
- Screenshot of UI state.\par
- Relevant JSON snippet from `data/games` or `data/library`.\par
- Build versions and environment notes.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-15: Troubleshooting Decision Tree]\par
- Purpose: Speed root-cause isolation for field issues.\par
- Required image: Decision tree from symptom to corrective action.\par
- Must include branches for service, data, mapping, and hardware.\par
- Annotation notes: Add priority marker on fastest high-confidence checks.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-15-troubleshooting-tree.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 12. Graphics Production Shot List (All Placeholders)\b0\fs22\par
\par
Use this section as the master specification for documentation screenshots/graphics.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 12.1 Capture Standards\b0\par
\par
- Format: PNG for screenshots/diagrams.\par
- Recommended width: 1920 px (or 1600 px minimum).\par
- Scale: 100% UI scale whenever possible.\par
- Theme: Keep visual theme consistent across all captures.\par
- Annotation style: Use numbered callouts with short labels.\par
- File naming: `G-XX-short-description.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\b 12.2 Placeholder Index\b0\par
\par
`G-00`:\par
\par
- Title: Manual Navigation Map.\par
- Required content: End-to-end workflow map aligned to section numbers.\par
\par
`G-01`:\par
\par
- Title: Suite Architecture Diagram.\par
- Required content: Commander, ACLighter, ACDispatch, `data/`, and socket link.\par
\par
`G-02`:\par
\par
- Title: Startup Order Visual.\par
- Required content: Launch and shutdown order with dependency markers.\par
\par
`G-03`:\par
\par
- Title: First Successful Apply.\par
- Required content: Commander with active selection and utility controls visible.\par
\par
`G-04`:\par
\par
- Title: Runtime Folder Tree.\par
- Required content: Explorer view with `data` subfolders and key JSON files.\par
\par
`G-05`:\par
\par
- Title: Commander Tab Annotated.\par
- Required content: Full Commander screen with numbered utility controls.\par
\par
`G-06`:\par
\par
- Title: Emulator Validation View.\par
- Required content: Emulator screen showing loaded state to compare with Commander.\par
\par
`G-07`:\par
\par
- Title: Game Manager Record Editing.\par
- Required content: Game record fields plus mapping/FX assignments.\par
\par
`G-08`:\par
\par
- Title: FX Editor Authoring Flow.\par
- Required content: Parameter controls, preview area, and save action.\par
\par
`G-09`:\par
\par
- Title: Controller Config Fields.\par
- Required content: Deck profile settings and app settings in one capture.\par
\par
`G-10`:\par
\par
- Title: Shared Catalog Cross-Tab Verification.\par
- Required content: Same effect visible across Commander, Emulator, and FX Editor.\par
\par
`G-11`:\par
\par
- Title: ACLighter Tray Operations.\par
- Required content: Full tray menu with stress/test/reset options.\par
\par
`G-12`:\par
\par
- Title: Dispatch CLI Examples.\par
- Required content: Valid command invocations with visible outputs.\par
\par
`G-13`:\par
\par
- Title: Backup Folder Example.\par
- Required content: Snapshot folder layout with dated naming convention.\par
\par
`G-14`:\par
\par
- Title: Release Checklist Completion Sheet.\par
- Required content: Completed checklist with signoff status.\par
\par
`G-15`:\par
\par
- Title: Troubleshooting Decision Tree.\par
- Required content: Symptom-driven diagnosis flow.\par
\par
`G-16`:\par
\par
- Title: "Known Good" End State Panel.\par
- Required content: Combined collage of service running, profile loaded, and dispatch success.\par
\par
[GRAPHIC PLACEHOLDER G-16: Known Good End State]\par
- Purpose: Define the final target state for acceptance testing.\par
- Required image: 3-panel collage (Commander, ACLighter tray, CLI test success).\par
- Must show: consistent profile/effect naming across all panels.\par
- Annotation notes: Include date/time/build labels on each panel.\par
- Suggested output: `docs/images/G-16-known-good-state.png`.\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 13. Support References\b0\fs22\par
\par
- Release summary: `RELEASE_2.0.md`\par
- Effects engine notes: `README_EFFECTS.md`\par
- Primary repository notes: `README.md`\par
- This manual: `docs/USER_MANUAL_V2.md`\par
\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs26\b 14. Document Maintenance Notes\b0\fs22\par
\par
When updating this manual:\par
\par
1. Keep command syntax examples in sync with executable behavior.\par
2. Keep event family list synchronized with ACDispatch.\par
3. Keep runtime file path references synchronized with `app_paths.py` behavior.\par
4. Update placeholder descriptions if UI labels/layout change.\par
5. Date-stamp major manual edits in release notes.\par
}